mongodb: vendor chart via git subtree from bitnami/charts (#2420)
scality/Zenko: solution-base/mongodb/how_to_upgrade.md

## Overview

The `mongodb-sharded` Helm chart is vendored from the `bitnami/charts`
GitHub repository via `git subtree`. Bitnami stopped publishing
`mongodb-sharded` OCI chart artifacts in August 2025 (see
[bitnami/charts#35164](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/issues/35164));
the chart source on GitHub is still updated and tagged for every
release, and is now the authoritative source for new versions.

Our local modifications live as **ordinary git commits on top of the

> subtree merge**, not as separate `.patch` files. Future upgrades merge

Reviewer: > not as separate `.patch` files

This is relevant on the PR (it changes the way we do things), but we don't really care in the future: so best remove it, to avoid introducing any hint that we could have .patch files (human or AI...)

```suggestions
Our local modifications live as **ordinary git commits on top of the
subtree merge**. Future upgrades merge
```

Author: Done — dropped the `.patch` reference; the doc now just states that local modifications live as ordinary git commits on top of the subtree merge.
